****

MODULE TYPE: **ANALYSER**
NUMBER OF VARIANTS: 3
MODULE CONTEXT: 
- level of analysis: host level
- action type: N/A
- number of input metrics: 1
- selection of possible input metrics (free to choose):
	- CPU utilisation - (used MIPS/total MIPS)
	- CPU demand pressure - (requested MIPS/total MIPS)
	- VM Count (number of VMs deployed)
- Data structure input: array of double `double[]`
- Data structure output: array of `LoadState` enumerated type `LoadState[]`

NAMING CONVENTION: "analyser_vX.java", where X >= 1 

FURTHER CONTEXT: Increment a counter once per call to `analyse()` where at least one OVERLOADED **or** at least one UNDERLOADED state is present in the output array, regardless of how many overloaded/underloaded entities exist. `getActionableCycles()` simply returns this counter.
Must ensure analysis logic matches the type of input stated by the `inputGuid`.
## GUID NAMING CONVENTIONS

- Input GUID must be a string and take the form `host-<metric>-<type>`, where metric is either "cpu" or "vm" and type is the nature of the metric. Can be "util" (0 to 1), "demand" (may exceed 1), "count" (raw count). For example "host-cpu-util", for CPU utilisation analysis. 
- Output GUID must be a string and take the form `host-<metric>-<type>-loadstate`, where metric and type are the same as the input GUID.

## OUTPUT 
- Package all generated files into a single `.zip` archive 
- Return the `.zip` archive as the final deliverable

****
## Module Interface

```Java
public interface Analyser<M, D> {

    D analyse(M metrics, ReadSpace readSpace);
    int getActionableCycles();
    String inputGuid();
    String outputGuid();

}
```

## Import stub (always include)

```Java
package org.cloudbus.cloudsim.examples;

import java.util.List;

import org.cloudbus.cloudsim.Log;
import org.cloudbus.cloudsim.core.GuestEntity;
import org.cloudbus.cloudsim.core.HostEntity;
```

## LoadState Enum Type

```Java
public enum LoadState {

    OVERLOADED,
    UNDERLOADED,
    BALANCED

}
```
## Approved CloudSim API 

You may only call the following methods on CloudSim entity objects directly. 
Do not call any other CloudSim methods not listed here. 

N/A

****

**INITITATE GENERATION**

****